Docs: Documentation for 6.6 Explore and Logs panel features (#21754)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/panels/logs.md

> ## Visualization Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Visualization options
```

> 1. **Time**: Show/hide the time column. This is the timestamp associated with the log line as reported from the datasource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Time**: Show/hide the time column. This is the timestamp associated with the log line as reported from the data source.
```
